README.md, before:

PANhunt
========

## Introduction

NOTE: This is a fork of original PANHunt as an effort to migrate to Python 3. It is heavily modified and refactored. There may be issues with functinality. Do not use in production!

PANhunt is a tool that can be used to search drives for credit card numbers (PANs). This is useful for checking PCI DSS scope accuracy. It's designed to be a simple, standalone tool that can be run from a USB stick. PANhunt includes a python PST file parser.

## Build

PANhunt is a Python script that can be easily converted to a standalone Windows executable using PyInstaller.

panhunt.py requires:

	- Python 3.6+
	- Colorama (https://pypi.python.org/pypi/colorama)
	- Progressbar (https://pypi.python.org/pypi/progressbar)
	- PyInstaller (https://pypi.python.org/pypi/PyInstaller)

To create panhunt.exe as a standalone executable with an icon run:

```
pyinstaller.exe panhunt.py -F
```

You will find the Windows panhunt.exe (built on Windows using pyinstaller) and the Linux panhunt binary here (built on CentOS 6 using pyinstaller).


##Usage

```
usage: panhunt [-h] [-s SEARCH] [-x EXCLUDE] [-t TEXTFILES] [-z ZIPFILES] [-e SPECIALFILES] [-m MAILFILES] [-l OTHERFILES] [-o OUTFILE] [-u]

PAN Hunt v1.3: search directories and sub directories for documents containing PANs.

optional arguments:
  -h, --help       show this help message and exit
  -s SEARCH        base directory to search in (default: C:\)
  -x EXCLUDE       directories to exclude from the search (default: C:\Windows,C:\Program Files,C:\Program Files (x86))
  -t TEXTFILES     text file extensions to search (default: .doc,.xls,.xml,.txt,.csv)
  -z ZIPFILES      zip file extensions to search (default: .docx,.xlsx,.zip)
  -e SPECIALFILES  special file extensions to search (default: .msg)
  -m MAILFILES     email file extensions to search (default: .pst)
  -l OTHERFILES    other file extensions to list (default: .ost,.accdb,.mdb)
  -o OUTFILE       output file name for PAN report (default: panhunt_YYYY-MM-DD-HHMMSS.txt)
  -C CONFIG        configuration file to use
  -X EXCLUDEPAN    the PAN to exclude from search
  -u               unmask PANs in output (default: False)
```

Simply running it with no arguments will search the C:\ drive for documents containing PANs, and output to panhunt_<timestamp>.txt.

## Example Output

```
Doc Hunt: 100% ||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||| Time: 0:00:01 Docs:299
PAN Hunt: 100% |||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||| Time: 0:00:02 PANs:99
FOUND PANs: D:\lab\Archive Test Cards.zip (21KB 19/02/2014)
        Archived Test Cards Excel 97-2003.xls AMEX:***********0005
        Archived Test Cards Excel 97-2003.xls AMEX:***********8431
		...
FOUND PANs: D:\lab\Archived Test Cards Word 2010.docx (19KB 18/02/2014)
        word/document.xml Visa:************1111
        word/document.xml Visa:************1881
        word/document.xml Visa:************1111
        word/document.xml Visa:************0000
		...
FOUND PANs: D:\lab\test card text file.txt (47B 26/02/2014)
         Visa:************1111
         Visa:****-****-****-1111
		...
Report written to panhunt_YYYY-MM-DD-HHMMSS.txt
```

## Function

The script uses regular expressions to look for Visa, MasterCard or AMEX credit card numbers in document files. Zip files are recursed to look for document files. PST and MSG files are parsed and emails and attachments searched in. The script will list but does not yet search Access databases.

## Configuration

The script allows for a configuration to be written that will default the application with settings such that you don't need to
repeatedly specify exclude/include paths or the test PANs to exclude.

## TODO

- Use generics
- Proper logging
- Multithreading
- Unit tests

Commit message:

Minor fixes to master (#12)
* Fixed output formatting

* Added requirements for production and development

* Updated README

* Fixed datetime handling

* Improved error logging

README.md, after:

PANhunt
========

## Introduction

```
NOTE: This is a fork of original PANHunt as an effort to migrate to Python 3. It is heavily modified and refactored. There may be issues with functinality. Do not use in production!
```

PANhunt is a tool that can be used to search drives for credit card numbers (PANs). This is useful for checking PCI DSS scope accuracy. It's designed to be a simple, standalone tool that can be run from a USB stick. PANhunt includes a python PST file parser.

## Build

PANhunt is a Python script that can be easily converted to a standalone Windows executable using PyInstaller.

panhunt.py requires:

	- Python 3.6+
	- Colorama (https://pypi.python.org/pypi/colorama)
	- Progressbar (https://pypi.python.org/pypi/progressbar)

You can use `pip install -r requirements.txt` for usage and `pip install -r requirements.dev.txt` for development.

  To compile as an executable
	- PyInstaller (https://pypi.python.org/pypi/PyInstaller)

To create panhunt.exe as a standalone executable run:

```
pyinstaller.exe panhunt.py -F
```

or you can use this to include the icon and your virtual environment

```
pyinstaller.exe panhunt.py -F --clean -i .\dionach.ico --paths="<path to virtual env>\Lib\site-packages"
```

You will find the Windows panhunt.exe (built on Windows using pyinstaller) and the Linux panhunt binary here (built on CentOS 6 using pyinstaller).


##Usage

```
usage: panhunt [-h] [-s SEARCH] [-x EXCLUDE] [-t TEXTFILES] [-z ZIPFILES] [-e SPECIALFILES] [-m MAILFILES] [-l OTHERFILES] [-o OUTFILE] [-u]

PAN Hunt v1.3: search directories and sub directories for documents containing PANs.

optional arguments:
  -h, --help       show this help message and exit
  -s SEARCH        base directory to search in (default: C:\)
  -x EXCLUDE       directories to exclude from the search (default: C:\Windows,C:\Program Files,C:\Program Files (x86))
  -t TEXTFILES     text file extensions to search (default: .doc,.xls,.xml,.txt,.csv)
  -z ZIPFILES      zip file extensions to search (default: .docx,.xlsx,.zip)
  -e SPECIALFILES  special file extensions to search (default: .msg)
  -m MAILFILES     email file extensions to search (default: .pst)
  -l OTHERFILES    other file extensions to list (default: .ost,.accdb,.mdb)
  -o OUTFILE       output file name for PAN report (default: panhunt_YYYY-MM-DD-HHMMSS.txt)
  -C CONFIG        configuration file to use
  -X EXCLUDEPAN    the PAN to exclude from search
  -u               unmask PANs in output (default: False)
```

Simply running it with no arguments will search the C:\ drive for documents containing PANs, and output to panhunt_<timestamp>.txt.

## Example Output

```
Doc Hunt: 100% ||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||| Time: 0:00:01 Docs:299
PAN Hunt: 100% |||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||| Time: 0:00:02 PANs:99
FOUND PANs: D:\lab\Archive Test Cards.zip (21KB 19/02/2014)
        Archived Test Cards Excel 97-2003.xls AMEX:***********0005
        Archived Test Cards Excel 97-2003.xls AMEX:***********8431
		...
FOUND PANs: D:\lab\Archived Test Cards Word 2010.docx (19KB 18/02/2014)
        word/document.xml Visa:************1111
        word/document.xml Visa:************1881
        word/document.xml Visa:************1111
        word/document.xml Visa:************0000
		...
FOUND PANs: D:\lab\test card text file.txt (47B 26/02/2014)
         Visa:************1111
         Visa:****-****-****-1111
		...
Report written to panhunt_YYYY-MM-DD-HHMMSS.txt
```

## Function

The script uses regular expressions to look for Visa, MasterCard or AMEX credit card numbers in document files. Zip files are recursed to look for document files. PST and MSG files are parsed and emails and attachments searched in. The script will list but does not yet search Access databases.

## Configuration

The script allows for a configuration to be written that will default the application with settings such that you don't need to
repeatedly specify exclude/include paths or the test PANs to exclude.

## TODO

- Use generics
- Proper logging
- Multithreading
- Unit tests
